in modern society, social
adaptation is one of the most important
components of success for each patient
child it is about children with disabilities
public concern is protection confidence
today in the temple of christ the savior
held a festive event under
name children angels
there were invited children with restrictions
health as well as orphans as of
Moscow and from other regions our
TV channel provided information
support is currently in place
is our correspondent olesya
Gorchinskaya I give you the word police
just a few hours ago in the hall
church councils of the temple of christ
savior
the gala concert is over
children's creative teams
Decided fairy tales children are angels
angels is orthodox concert
performance he touched on topics
kind of friendship help and 7 1 took part in it
children's statue circus groups
actors and entertainers Moscow and
Moscow region before the start
concert in the crane for children staged a
holiday guys twisted figurines from
balls participating in events for
face painting just chatting with each
friend this holiday is timed to
International Day of Disabled People
organized for children with disabilities and
children who are raised in
orphanages
so clean play like fire
despite the fact that including occurred
such a monstrous life story for
that despite the fact that
once it covers such
heavyweights
I think that everyone
understanding that our
yes and
hut you
she is
km
dad
the concert came the guys from Moscow
home of Kaliningrad and other regions
the main task of this event is vidic
public attention to
problems of disabled people and orphans are special
children but they, like the rest, have
feelings aspiration and desire and needs
support and understanding children
challenging in these hard but despite that we
enough
so much that the board was charged a lot
This communication gives
i have one leg
when will understand
I could not resist offense means
I am glad that such events will help
people look at special kids
with different eyes
di pioneer and wear worn towards such
for children
this duty is modern
of society
Olesya Gorkhinsky Sergey buildings
trust channel
continuation of the topic is another interesting
detail a on a charity
holiday children are angels along with
name gifts kids handed certificates
to get dumplings such
delicious gift decided to make Russian
to kids american brad birdy pimn further
September of this year in Russia he won on
karaoke world championship 1 million
dumplings after learning will be held festive
a concert he decided to donate thousands of children
with a diagnosis of Greece and a half tons
Siberian delicacy every
dumplings weighs only one and a half grams and
is issued only for the smallest